I am not now that which I have been. 
今日之我已非昔日之我。
Necessity and oportunity may make a coward valient. 
需要和机会可能使懦夫变成勇士。
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
态度是小事，但是影响大不同。
Say your love today,the chance may come late.
爱就要勇敢表白，谁知道明天和意外那个先到。
Sometimes it lasts in love but sometimes it hurts instead.
有时爱情能永远，但是有时有如此伤人
Penny and penny laid up will be many.
积少成多
Friendship doubles your joys,and divides your sorrows.
朋友的作用，就是让你快乐加倍，痛苦减半
Fefe said you have to live spherically in many directions.
Never lose your childish enthusiasm,and things will come your way.
Fefe说你要活出多种精彩。从来不要丧失孩子般的热情，事情自然会如你所愿。
Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes.
美是一种内心的感觉，并反映在你的眼睛里.
Be generous with your compliments.
不要吝惜你的赞美。
Think about the gains and losses before you make the decision.
权衡一下利弊，再做决定。
Be thankful for what you have.you'll end up having more.
拥有一颗感恩的心，最终你会得到更多。
It is not easy to meet each other in such a big world.
世界这么大，能遇见，不容易 
Life is like riding a bicycle.To keep your balance,you must keep moving.
人生就像骑单车，只用不断前进，才能保持平衡
Let's do not do anything hasty.
别那么早下定论。
It requires hard work to give off an appearance of effortless.
你必须十分努力吗，才能看起来毫不费力
All of life is an act of letting go,but what hurts the most is not taking a moment to say goodbye.
人生就是不断的放下，但令人痛心的是，没来得及好好与他们道别。
Chances must be grasped by ourselves ;Fates must be controled by ouerselves;Lives are the painting boards of oures,
why should they by colored by others?
机会必需自己争取，命运靠自己掌握，生命是自己的画板，为什么要依赖别人着色呢。
The respactability of youth lies in their courage and grate expectations.
年轻人的可敬之处在于勇气和远大前景。
Beware of being too impatient with others.
注意不要对人不耐烦
Every day of our lives we encounter stresses of one kind or another.
我们在每天的生活中会面临这样或那样的压力。 
We pooled ideas and information. 
我们集思广益，共享信息。
No matter how hard it is,just keep going because you only fail when you give up.
无论多么困难，都要据需前进，因为只用你放弃的那一刻，你才输了、
Success should not be measured solely by educational achievement.
成功与否不应只用学业成绩来衡量
A business cannot thrive without good management.
商业兴旺离不开好的管理
I helped him purely and simply out of friendship.
我帮他纯粹出于友情(out of friendship:出于友情)
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tommorrow.
今天的好计划胜过明天的完美计划。
Be positive about your future and get on with living a normal life.
要对自己的未来充满信心，继续过一种正常的生活。
Jealousy causes distress and painful emotions.
嫉妒会带来忧虑和痛苦。
Memory is a wonderful thing if you don't have to deal with the past.
回忆是美好的，只要你能让过去的都过去.
It is conspicuous that smoking is harmful to health.
和明显，抽烟对健康有害。
Men love beautiful faces,women love sweet words.So women use makeup,and men lie.
男人喜欢漂亮脸蛋，女人喜欢甜言蜜语，所以女人化妆，男人撒谎